## Overview

Welcome to the repository for my portfolio website, here you can have a good
look at my code and judge for yourself if you think my abilities are up to your
expectations, or maybe you just want to see how it works.

![Homepage](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42459707/217156544-509251bb-8534-4e74-b4bf-a94065358740.png)

Why did I build this site?

Portfolios are already a great thing for developers to build for two reasons,
one of course is to make themselves more marketable in this competitive world
and thus standout. The other is it's a great learning opportunity, to understand
modern web development and build something from scratch. My goal was to learn
and I can confidently say I have a solid grasp on front end programming after
completing this project.

![Tutorials Page](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42459707/217156549-dd50ccad-1553-4963-8c7c-cc3eb0ab55da.png)

In the future I hope to keep this updated not only with new content and
resources, but also as the industry shifts I intend to keep refactoring the code
as you would in most development careers.

![Projects Page](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42459707/217156551-151352da-6762-4f6b-a99a-8f07de3e6ec5.png)

## Tech Stack

Development

- Typescript
- NextJS
- Material UI
- Sass
- Jest
- Notion CMS

Deployment

- Github (Repository)
- Github Actions (For CI/CD)
- Vercel Cloud Platform (For Automated Deployments and Serverless Functions)

## Design Decisions

One of my goals was actually to experiment while I built this project out,
originally I came from a React Native background which lacks many web dev tools.
So I experimented with various styling tools like default CSS, Tailwind and
eventually settled on SASS for it's extremely ease of use and reliability.

Speed was a major focus, due to this site being a portfolio it's like recruiters
and hirers would visit it most often. If they have to sit and wait for loading
spinners and slow pop-in images, it reflects poorly on my abilities. So overall
i've kep my usage of NPM packages to an absolute minimum, preferring to build
code for my exact needs and to minimize the use of Javascript here possible,
preferring raw CSS when possible..

![Lighthouse Score](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42459707/217158718-b1019176-005a-4f20-8c03-a5fedfdf1c4a.png)

Test driven development was another major goal, I wanted to push myself to
really get used to the development style and i feel I have, although i must note
it's easiest for static pages. When dealing with complex APIs TDD will usually
be much harder than the implementation itself.

![Yarn Test](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42459707/217159178-7104801d-195d-4262-b518-e8236a3b24a3.png)

Dark mode support was a minor goal and a challenge, it adds some complexity but
once configured I found it easy to develop with. I think it's important to
accommodate user preferences for either.

![Homepage in Light Mode](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42459707/217158552-4cce377e-23ca-424a-88fb-7d4ac7d005d4.png)

## Running Locally

## How To Update Content

### Add A Tutorial

### Change Qualifications

### Update Skills

### Adjust Salary Expectations
